README.md, before:

[![MasterHead](https://github.com/sougato97/sougato97/blob/main/github_readme.png)](https://sougato97.github.io/)
<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Sougato Bagchi</h1>
<h3 align="center">Software developer in robotics and computer vision</h3>

<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://github.com/sougato97/sougato97/blob/main/programmer_cat.png">

- 🔭 I have worked on [Human Robot Interaction](https://github.com/hcicsebuffalo) & [DronesLab](https://github.com/droneslab)

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [sougato97.github.io](https://sougato97.github.io/)

- 💬 Would love to discuss about **tech, the miracle of life & universe**

- 📫 How to reach me :- **sougato97@gmail.com**

- 📄 Know about my experiences [resume](https://sougato97.github.io/data/resume.pdf)

- ⚡ Key fact :- **I am a nocturnal coder.**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/sougato" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="sougato" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> '
<a href="https://www.ros.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://github.com/sougato97/sougato97/blob/main/ros_logo.png" alt="ros" width="150.6" height="40"/> </a>
<a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
</p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=sougato97&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="sougato97" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sougato97&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="sougato97" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sougato97&" alt="sougato97" /></p>

Commit message:

updated readme with imp repo links

README.md, after:

[![MasterHead](https://github.com/sougato97/sougato97/blob/main/github_readme.png)](https://sougato97.github.io/)
<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Sougato Bagchi</h1>
<h3 align="center">Software developer in robotics and computer vision</h3>

<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://github.com/sougato97/sougato97/blob/main/programmer_cat.png">

<!-- - 🔭 I have worked on [Human Robot Interaction](https://github.com/hcicsebuffalo) & [DronesLab](https://github.com/droneslab)  -->

<!-- - 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [sougato97.github.io](https://sougato97.github.io/) -->
- 👨‍💻 Some of my cool projects are in [Low light image enhancement with denoising](https://github.com/sougato97/ImageEnhanceUnconstrained),  [Human Robot Interaction](https://github.com/hcicsebuffalo/nao_dev_LLM), [Voice authentication on BostonDynamics Spot](https://github.com/sougato97/spot_dev)

- 💬 Would love to discuss about **tech, the miracle of life & universe**

- 📫 How to reach me :- **sougato97@gmail.com**

- 📄 Know about my experiences [resume](https://sougato97.github.io/data/resume.pdf)

- ⚡ Key fact :- **I am a nocturnal coder.**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/sougato" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="sougato" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> '
<a href="https://www.ros.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://github.com/sougato97/sougato97/blob/main/ros_logo.png" alt="ros" width="150.6" height="40"/> </a>
<a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
</p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=sougato97&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="sougato97" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sougato97&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="sougato97" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sougato97&" alt="sougato97" /></p>
